Hey Steve, yeah, I'm sorry. I was late to the meeting I
Should have been there to help out with my assignment. Yeah, we got delayed
Let's go kids
Yeah, family's fine
Everybody's adjusting really well anyone see my glasses
Anyone I mean we might be a little out of sync, but I don't know
Every family has their issues, right? You got on sign up?
Hey, well, thanks for understanding
All right
Okay, take care. All right, bye-bye. I don't know
What do you think? We all have to work on it. I know I need to
Why don't we approach it that way with the kids just be open with them?
That sounds like a good idea
Okay, so Irene and I have been talking about
communication
And our family
We want to talk about our phones and other devices
You're not talking about me are you you can't I know that we know be more balanced, but you can't take them away
I haven't done anything bad. I have responsibilities. You're always on your phone, too. That's true. It's okay
Let's just talk about it
All right, so
Can you read Ephesians 5 15 and 16 for us, please?
So keep strict watch that how you walk is not as unwise, but as wise persons
Making the best use of your time
Because the days are wicked
so
How do you think we're doing with our phones and other devices?
It isn't that what you're doing on your devices is wrong
exactly, but
Could it be taking time away from more important things
Like talking to each other and in that way affecting even how we're talking to each other
Yeah, I think it'd be smart to have some boundaries then
Yeah, okay, okay
Okay
Let's talk about how we can do that
Hey, I love you
Hey
Evidently I haven't figured out how to talk to her about her close yet. I need your help
I got this one
I know
But it's all about good spiritual judgment
Do you think that these trends reflect Jehovah's view of respectable dress?
I know that you'll do the right thing
While we're all here, I know we all have different views on punctuality
But I really need your help so I can take care of some of my responsibilities
You think we can meet in the middle?
Yeah, all right
Great